Release v1.12.1 (#494)
containers/aardvark-dns: RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Release Notes

## v1.12.1

> * Fixed problem with categories in Cargo.toml that prevented us from publilshing v1.12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed problem with categories in Cargo.toml that prevented us from publishing v1.12.0 to crates.io.
```
